Update guides from Cloud Integrations to use Webhook templates (#69)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/integrations/cloud-integrations/ubidots/tts-setup/_index.md

weight: 2
---

> This section contains the instructions for creating a Webhook integration on {{% tts %}} by using the **Ubidots** [Webhook template]({{< ref "/integrations/webhooks/webhook-templates" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains instructions for creating a Webhook integration on {{% tts %}} by using the **Ubidots** [Webhook template]({{< ref "/integrations/webhooks/webhook-templates" >}}).
```

<!--more-->

> >**Note:** Before implementing the Webhook integration, you need to create an uplink payload formatter in order to decode the uplink payload and set fields in the `decoded_payload` object of the uplink message, ie. to allow the Ubidots function to interpret the payload coming from {{% tts %}}. See [Payload Formatters]({{< ref "/integrations/payload-formatters" >}}) for a detailed info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Before implementing the Webhook integration, you need to create an uplink payload formatter in order to decode the uplink payload and set fields in the `decoded_payload` object of the uplink message. This is necessary to allow the Ubidots function to interpret the payload coming from {{% tts %}}. See [Payload Formatters]({{< ref "/integrations/payload-formatters" >}}) for detailed info.
```

First, fill in the **Webhook ID** field.

Then enter your **Ubidots username** and provide your UbiFunction's name.

> >**Note:** Name of the UbiFunction needs to be modified to use lowercase and dashes only. For example, if the UbiFunction is named **Example Function**, enter `example-function` in the **UbiFunction name** field as shown in the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The name of the UbiFunction needs to be modified to use lowercase and dashes only. For example, if the UbiFunction is named **Example Function**, enter `example-function` in the **UbiFunction name** field as shown in the image below.
```
